Three Two One Go Action
What's he doing?
Top position of the table
It's really like an ancient soul posing.
This kind of shit.
As long as this lady makes a little charm at will.
Still haven't mesmerized him.
Dare to ask the Lord
This is the garden.
The little girl went to the wrong flower room
I also forgot to come back.
I don't know where I am.
I see you sneaking around
Suspicious actions
Not like a little girl.
It's like treating people when they're in the palace.
Is there a script?
What, this scenario isn't like that at all.
Fuck you deliberately playing me.
Your Highness, you have no right to judge.
Better to kill the wrong person than swim over here.